Project 3
Group 4

Brendan McLoughlin
Chris Petrie
Eric Willison

BUILDING: 

To compile the mote define MY_MOTE_ID to be MASTER_MOTE or SLAVE_MOTE
in SenseC.ns. 

In the project directory run make telosb to build the project.

> make telosb


Use Case:

Target Mote: 

Our motes listen for a target mote broadcasting on the channel 26 When
the master mote hears the sinal it waits 100ms then broadcast a power
request to the slave mote. Meanwile the when the slave mote hears a
message from the target mote it will change its radio to channel 14
and wait for the master's power request. After receiving the request
it ransmits a message containing the rssi from the targent mote's
message. The master mote will then decide who is the near mode (the
mote with the highest rssi reading form the target mote's transmition)
and broad cast this message before switching its radio back to the
boradcast channel of 26. The slave mote will listen for this message
and then switch its radio back to channel 26.

If at any mote stay on channel 14 for more then the SUBNET_TIMEOUT
then it will automatically switch back to channel 26 and wait for a
new target message.


Base Station: 

All motes will be listening for the base station's messages. Only the
master mote will transmit messages to the base station.  When ever the
near mote switches locations or the base station request a report a
ReportMsg will be broadcasted on the channel. The report message will
state which mote (via mote id) is now the near mote.


Light: 

When in contact with the base station a mote will light the
blue light. After communication periods with no contact form the base
station the blue light will turn off.

When a mote has been designated the near mote by the read node it will turn on its red lightand turn off the green light if it is on. 

When a mote has been designated the far mote by the read node it will turn on its green light and turn off the red light if it is on. 


Division of Labor:


Brendan wrote the documentation, functions for recieveing the target message and initiation the inter network communication. 


Known Bugs:
There are no known bugs in this implementation of project 3. 


